DAN (VOICEOVER): After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan
Interspace and forced us out, things
took a turn for the worse in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the sacred orb.
Lucky for us, we have Colossus Dragon on our side.
Barodius and the the Twelve Orders,
you're destined for defeat.
Now Drago, Bakugan brawl!
[THEME- DANIEL LEBLANC AND CREIGHTON DOANE,
\"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]
THEME: What are you gonna do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Backed against the wall, gotta to give it your all.
Ah, ah.
This is the final stand. Ah, ah.
The power's in your hands.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
What's the matter, Dan?
You look like you're going to cry.
STOICA (VOICEOVER): Wait a minute, did Shun take--
Where's Drago?
Long gone, buddy.
Ha, psych!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Go, Ventus Hawktor.
Surprise, surprise.
Ventus Hawktor is in the house.
Hyah!
What?
Where's Drago?
Isn't it obvious?
You imbecile, they switched Bakugan.
We're going big, Hawktor.
Ability activate, Bolting Fang, Slug Shot.
Feel like doing some damage, Aranaut?
[exertion sounds]
Ah!
[explosions]
Let's go, Drago.
We have to get the shield up.
Lead the way, Shun.
I'm ready when you are.
[music playing]
DAN (VOICEOVER): The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Battle
for the Second Shield.\"
LENA: Mistress Kazarina, we've received
word that the Bakugan possessing the element is headed this way.
Stoica and Airzel have failed.
Now, it's all on you, Lena.
Me?
The entire reason we don't have the element
in the first place is because Ren and your crew
blew it when you took over Bakugan Interspace.
Think of this as a chance to redeem yourself.
I-- I understand.
Fabia didn't say anything about this.
The generator building is surrounded by Gundalian guards.
There are too many of them for us to face head on.
You've been battling with Dan too long.
I don't see any other way.
Hey!
How about you warn me next time you do something like that?
Speed and stealth is the way of the ninja.
Get used to it.
And here I thought Dan was a difficult brawler
to be partnered with.
[exertion sounds]
Speed and stealth, huh?
This looks like the control room.
And where do you think you're going, brawler?
Kazarina.
Maybe we weren't so stealthy after all.
Got any ideas now?
Well, I think we're about to find out what
it's like to battle together.
Are you finished talking yet, little boys.
Because we're ready to fight.
Gate card set.
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan stand.
Rise, Aquos Phosphos.
Bakugan brawl.
Bakugan stand.
Go, Pyrus Lumino Dragonoid.
[yelling]
KAZARINA (VOICEOVER): A power level of 1,000.
There's no question Drago possesses the element.
Ability activate, Spit Poison.
Ow!
Drago!
Don't fight the poison.
Ability activate, Gorgon Viper.
[growling]
[whooshing]
Gate card open, Apoptosis.
Ability activate, Lumino Wave.
[whooshing]
[shattering]
[exertion sounds]
Whoa, where did that come from?
Ah!
Element or not, there's no way I'm going
to let these guys take us down!
[explosion]
Phosphos, quick, go after him!
What the heck is that thing?
[explosion]
Come on.
Drago's power is indeed impressive,
but even with the element, he shouldn't
be impossible to beat.
That may be true, but it looks like Phosphos
could use some help.
As you wish, Kazarina.
I can do this.
I'm telling you I don't need help.
Mistress Kazarina, please let me escort you away from here.
Are you insane?
How dare you treat me like a junior battler!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise, Haos Lumagrowl!
[growls]
That's one angry mutt.
Ability activate, Lumino Barnum.
[gasps]
[explosion]
Ah!
Phosphos.
Who's next?
I'd say Lumagrowl.
We just need to find him.
Where did he get to?
Huh?
[growling]
I don't get it.
It's like our last attack didn't affect him at all.
That would be because I used the ability card
Flashing Peaker as a counter.
All Lumagrowl needed to do was make contact with Drago
in order to activate it.
Get off of me!
Not until I finish using my ability
to siphon off your energy and turn it into my own.
Be patient.
I'm almost done.
Drago!
With all the trouble our troops
have had with you in the past, I wasn't expecting Drago
to be such a mediocre opponent.
Our battlers were weak.
Are you OK, Drago?
Don't worry, I'm fine.
Let's get back to it.
I really don't understand why you're
so loyal to the Neathian side.
What have they ever done for you?
Give us the element.
This isn't your fight.
You're wrong!
Gate card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
This is absolutely our fight.
You started it when you began kidnapping and hypnotizing
Earth's children.
Ha!
We were only going to borrow the brats for a little while.
Mistress Kazarina, I can do this.
Fine.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
You're going down this time, Drago, I promise it.
You're going to regret having ever stepped foot in Neathia,
especially once I've ripped the element
from the guts of that lizard.
Ability activate, Hunter Rip.
You are finished!
Ability activate, Crossfire.
[exertion sounds]
[explosion]
There's plenty more where that came from.
Ability activate, Stealth Claw.
Where did he go?
Watch out, Drago!
Gate card open, Evil Clear!
Huh?
What's happening?
I just nullified your ability.
Ability activate, Crossfire.
[ringing]
[whooshing] - Ah!
[explosion]
I knew you weren't up to the task.
You've wasted too much of my time,
but I'll deal with you later.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Destroy them, Lumagrowl!
[growling]
Ability activate, Spiral Blade.
[growls]
[whooshing]
[groaning]
Ability activate, Blade Fantasma.
[electricity crackling]
[groaning]
Drago, fall back!
I can't move!
Ha, so much for the mighty Drago.
You're just as easy to control as those kids
we stole from Earth.
Now, be a good boy and hand over the element.
You're out of your mind if you think I'd ever give it to you.
Then I suppose I'll just have to take it.
[laser fire]
What?
Drago!
Dan!
Kuso!
Now, Hawktor, ability activate,
Ninja Defense Spiral Twister!
Hyah!
Who let this ugly thing off its leash?
Thanks, Hawktor.
I owe you one.
No problem.
Always happy to thrash some Gundalian scum.
Shun!
Are you OK, buddy?
Just fine.
Are you ready to fight?
Ability activate, Cross Barnum.
Ability activate, Wolf Howler.
[laser fire]
[explosion]
[exertion sounds]
[electricity crackling]
Ah!
Now this feels a little better.
Yup.
Hey, what do you say we cause a little damage together, huh,
Drago?
Sounds great.
Shun, why don't you guys see if you can
get to the shield generator.
Sure, we're on it.
Guards, seize him right now.
OK, pal, let's rock this.
DAN (VOICEOVER): Together again and ready to do some damage,
Drago.
SHUN (VOICEOVER): Stay focused, Hawktor.
They won't go down without a fight.
The element is mine, Dan Kuso.
Gate card set.
Bakugan brawl!
That's what I like to hear.
[groaning]
I'm assuming this is what we are looking for.
Yes, it is.
But I still need to hack its access code.
Ability activate, Cross Barnum!
Ability activate, Garm Shield!
Dan!
Being predictable won't win you the fight, foolish brawler.
Ability activate, Skoll Fang!
[growls]
[groans]
Drago!
You're so adorable.
Gate card open, Silent Hanger!
I can't wait to get you on my table to conduct one
of my biological experiments.
Yeah, that's never gonna happen.
Ability activate, Arcadia Sword!
I'm going to slice and dice you.
No chance!
Ability activate, Lumino Reflector.
[humming] [whooshing]
[groaning]
[shattering]
[whooshing]
All done.
All right, let's fire this up, then.
Huh?
Dan, everything is ready inside!
Oh no, the shield generator.
Nice one.
Let's finish this thing off.
Ready, Cross Buster.
Battle gear boost!
[whooshing]
That's right.
Battle Gear, Ability Activate, Cross Buster Neo!
Ability activate, Deadly Fantasma!
[crackling]
[exertion sounds]
[thudding]
Ah!
Oh!
Ah, yeah!
[groaning]
The shield generator device.
All right, it's charging up.
From the element.
The shield started restoring the second they won the battle.
If we don't leave now, we'll be trapped inside the shield.
Prepare to retreat.
Ready.
Hey, where are you running so fast, huh?
Oh no, it looks like the brawlers have
reactivated the second shield.
Kazarina's in big trouble.
We can't be cut off from our forces.
Fall back now.
They did it.
The second shield is restored.
Oh, yeah.
Dan the man does it again.
I told you they wouldn't let us down.
Nice job, Dan.
You too.
This is a major failure, Kazarina.
I know.
As a member of the Twelve Orders,
you are held to a higher standard.
The emperor will be greatly disappointed, I'm sure.
Someone will have to answer for these incompetent actions
today.
Trust me, I'm well aware of that, Gill.
You summoned me, Mistress Kazarina.
I don't have to tell you what an embarrassment
today's events have been.
You were given a chance to redeem yourself,
and you failed miserably.
You were warned what would happen if you didn't succeed.
So do you have anything to say for yourself, Lena?
I like you, Lena.
You are clever, but you don't suffer
from arrogance like the others.
So I'll give you this piece of advice.
I'm listening, sir.
I hear you're going on a mission with Kazarina.
Yes.
It would be wise to watch your back around her.
She is loyal to no one but herself
and would think nothing of sacrificing
one of her subordinates to save her own skin.
Yes, sir, I understand.
You've got some nerve, Lena.
Trying to take me out to cover your own blunder, how
bold of you, but also very, very foolish.
[electricity crackling]
Unfortunately, due to the gross incompetence displayed today
by Lena on the battlefield, the Neathians
were able to regenerate their second security shield.
I deeply regret my error in trusting her.
Please know that she has paid the ultimate price
for her failure.
Very well, but don't disappoint me again, Kazarina.
Sire, I understand.
Why the long face, Kazarina?
You've still got someone to take the fall for you.
Yes, but not before she tried to ambush me and take me out
with her Bakugan.
It was almost like she knew what I had planned for her,
as though someone had tipped her off.
Luckily, you had your wits about you.
Next time you may not be so fortunate.
In these troubled times, you never know who you can trust.
Lena, I'm sorry.
REN (VOICEOVER): After suffering so many losses to the brawlers,
Emperor Barodius has been coming down hard on us.
Jesse got scared that he would be the next one to disappear,
so he fled in the middle of the night.
Luckily, I found him and offered him a better solution.
If we sprung our own surprise attack on the brawlers
and won a couple of trophy Bakugan,
we'd be able to redeem ourselves in the eyes of the emperor
and then all would be forgiven.
Tune in yourself to see the ultimate drama,
as we fight for our very survival.
Bakugan brawl!
We can do this, Jesse.
Let's go!
Ability activate!
[THEME - DANIEL LEBLANC AND CREIGHTON DOANE,
\"TWO WORLDS COLLIDE\"]